Deforestation:
Facts:

Forests actually have 13.4 million people working in them, with another 41 million
people working in jobs that are related to forests, so it really is a shame when deforestation,
or the permanent removal of forests for the replacement of man made land, exists. According to a 2018
FAO article, forest marshes are responsible for three quarters of the world’s fresh water, but unfortunately
half of North America’s forests have been chopped down between the 16 and late 18 hundreds, according to National
Geographic. Deforestation has been going on for a long time, and has only shown signs of increasing since 3.9 million
square miles of trees and forests have been chopped down since the beginning of the 20th century, which unfortunately
causes the mass destruction of animal habitats, quickly dwindling their numbers. Trees are also the main form for climate
mitigation, with tropical trees contributing to 23% carbon dioxide removal, 
but when trees are cut down they actually cause the greenhouse emissions to increase only worsening the condition of climate change.
As long as trees are cut down, deforestation will continue to exist, which is a likely possibility.

54.4 million people with forest related jobs.
Forest marshes comprise three quarters of the worlds fresh water and tropical forsets contribute to 23% carbon dioxide removal.
Half of North America's forests have been chopped down between the 16 to later 18 hundreds.
3.9 million square miles of trees and forests have been chopped down since the beginning of the 20th century.

Wildlives that are most affected by deforestation are:
Orangutan
Sumatran Elephants
Sumatran Rhinos 
Sumatran Tigers


Driving Question:

How can we, the community, minimize the effects of deforestation globally, so that we can better prepare the Sustainable Development Goals for the future?

Solutions:

Green Business/Recycling
Recycling has a lot of benefits, especially in limiting deforestation, since begin to reuse materials like paper and wood, which helps decrease the unnecessary cutting of trees. By recycling materials like paper and wood, we end up consuming less natural resources, as well as decrease national imports for forest related items.
Promotion of Sustainable life choices
Whether recycling occasionally, or by limiting unnecessary consumption, you can help fight against deforestation by making environmentally sustainable choices, and the more people know the better, so being vocal about being green is imperative for fighting against deforestation.

Sources:

Derouin, Sarah. “Deforestation: Facts, Causes &amp; Effects.” LiveScience, Purch, 6 Nov. 2019, www.livescience.com/27692-deforestation.html.
“7 Fantastic Solutions to Deforestation.” Matter Of Trust, matteroftrust.org/7-fantastic-solutions-to-deforestation/.
“Solutions to Deforestation.” Greenpeace USA, www.greenpeace.org/usa/forests/solutions-to-deforestation/.
